Updating Triage ROE with Architecture Boundaries (#1768)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/triage/Rules of Engagement with Triage.md

## When to NOT engage the Triage Team

> * Bugs with products under your teams jurisdiction including endpoints and integrations with API's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bugs with products under your team's jurisdiction including endpoints and integrations with APIs
```
